Obtain the Software Needed to Build Android Terminal Emulator
-------------------------------------------------------------

To keep from typing "Android Terminal Emulator" over and over again, this
document will use the abbreviation "ATE" to stand for "Android Terminal
Emulator".

ATE is built using the Android SDK r18 or newer and the Android NDK r8 or
newer. You can download them from:

http://developer.android.com/sdk

If you want to build, edit, or debug with Eclipse you will also need to
install Eclipse 3.4 or newer, Java version, available from:

http://eclipse.org

After you install the SDK and the NDK, please build some of the samples that
come with the SDK and NDK in order to get a feel for using the SDK and the NDK.

Building ATE
------------

You can build ATE two ways

    1) Using the "ant" command line tool
    2) Using the Eclipse IDE

The "ant" way is convenient for automated builds. The Eclipse way is convenient
for debugging.

Building ATE using ant
----------------------

The first time you build using Ant you must run a one-time setup script
to set up the local.properties files for all the ant projects:

    tools/update.sh

After that, you can build ATE by:

    tools/build-debug

Then you can run ATE on your device or emulator by:

    tools/pushAndRun

Building ATE with Eclipse
--------------------------

There are three steps to building ATE with Eclipse:

    1) Build the project from the command line using "ant"
    2) Create the Eclipse Project for the Application
    3) Build the Java apk.

Build the project from the command line using "ant":

You need to build the project from the commmand line in order to generate the
shared libraries and Java JAR files used by Android Terminal Emulator.

Use the instructions in "Building ATE with ant", above.
    
Create the Eclipse projects:

    Start Eclipse

    From the menu choose File : New Project
    Choose Android:Android Project as a project type
    Press Next
    Set Project Name: jackpal_androidterm_emulatorview
    Choose "Create project from existing source"
    Browse to the location of the libraries/emulatorview directory.
    Press Finish

    From the menu choose File : New Project
    Choose Android:Android Project as a project type
    Press Next
    Set Project Name: AndroidTerm
    Choose "Create project from existing source"
    Browse to the location of the AndroidTerm source directory.
    Press Finish

Edit the Eclipse project properties to include the emulatorview library:

    1) Right-click on the "Term" project in the "Package Explorer" window.
    2) Choose "Properties" from the drop-down menu.
    3) Navigate to "Project References"
    4) Check the check box "jackpal_androidterm_emulatorview"
    5) Click OK

Build the Java apk:

    This should happen automatically once you've created the Eclipse project.

Command Line Build Instructions
-------------------------------

You can build Android Terminal Emulator from the command line, instead of from
Eclipse. This is handy because it can be scripted.

1) Install the "ant" build system.
2) cd <the-android-terminal-emulator-directory>
3) ant clean
4) ant debug
5) Connect a device to your machine, or start the emulator
6) adb install -r bin/Term.apk
7) adb shell am start -n jackpal.androidterm/jackpal.androidterm.Term
